README.md, before:

# Show us your code

If you have existing code that you can share with us and are proud of, these exercises are optional—just send us a link to the repository (GitHub, Bitbucket, etc.).

## Turo Code Exercises

If you are doing an exercise, you can pick any of the ones below. You should plan on spending 30–120 minutes on the exercise.

### Server (Full-Stack)

#### Simple Database

We really like [Thumbtack’s Simple Database Challenge][sdb]. We couldn’t put it better than they did, so just follow their instructions and send us a link to your repository.

[sdb]: https://www.thumbtack.com/challenges/simple-database

You must include a README that explains:

1. How to execute your code 
2. Your thought process
3. The performance characteristics of your solution

##### How We Review Your Submission

* **Functionality**: Does the solution satisfy all the logic requirements described above? Does it handle all edge cases properly and is it sufficiently tested?
* **Algorithmic performance**: Does the solution satisfy both the runtime and memory usage requirements outlined above?
* **Code style**: How readable is the code? Does it have a clear structure with abstraction and encapsulation that fit this problem? Is the solution overly-complex and over-engineered? Can you explain it?

### Client (Front-end)

#### Search

Build a rental car search app using a freely available public API (we like [Hotwire’s Shopping API][hotwire]). The user should be able to search by date and location.

We’ll be looking for clean, well-structured code and a polished user interface, regardless of the platform you choose to build on. Specific platform instructions are below.

[hotwire]: http://developer.hotwire.com/docs/Rental_Car_Shopping_API

##### Android

Use Java with standard Android XML layouts. You can use any libraries and tools you like, but please include a README that explains your approach and why specific technologies were used.

Send us the APK file and a link to your code repo.

##### iOS

Use Objective-C, Swift, or a combination of those. You may use additional libraries and tools, but be prepared to explain why. We are looking for a user experience consistent with Apple’s guidelines.  

Send us a link to the repo so we can build and run your code.

##### Web

The project should be a single page app with a single `index.html` that loads any scripts and stylesheets. The choice of technologies (Angular, React, LESS, etc.) are up to you, but please include a README that explains your approach and why specific technologies were used. 

Send us a link to your repository, as well as a hosted (Heroku, Google App Engine, Amazon EC2, etc.) version.


### Acknowledgements

In addition to Thumbtack, we have taken a decent helping of inspiration from [Uber’s coding challenge][uber].

[uber]: https://github.com/uber/coding-challenge-tools

Commit message:

Clarified that candidates should choose an exercise appropriate for the role for which they're applying.

README.md, after:

# Show us your code

If you have existing code that you can share with us and are proud of, these exercises are optional—just send us a link to the repository (GitHub, Bitbucket, etc.).

## Turo Code Exercises

If you are doing an exercise, please choose an exercise appropriate to the position for which you are applying (i.e. please don't do the iOS exercise if you're applying for an Android role). You should plan on spending 30–120 minutes on the exercise.

### Server (Full-Stack)

#### Simple Database

We really like [Thumbtack’s Simple Database Challenge][sdb]. We couldn’t put it better than they did, so just follow their instructions and send us a link to your repository.

[sdb]: https://www.thumbtack.com/challenges/simple-database

You must include a README that explains:

1. How to execute your code 
2. Your thought process
3. The performance characteristics of your solution

##### How We Review Your Submission

* **Functionality**: Does the solution satisfy all the logic requirements described above? Does it handle all edge cases properly and is it sufficiently tested?
* **Algorithmic performance**: Does the solution satisfy both the runtime and memory usage requirements outlined above?
* **Code style**: How readable is the code? Does it have a clear structure with abstraction and encapsulation that fit this problem? Is the solution overly-complex and over-engineered? Can you explain it?

### Client (Front-end)

#### Search

Build a rental car search app using a freely available public API (we like [Hotwire’s Shopping API][hotwire]). The user should be able to search by date and location.

We’ll be looking for clean, well-structured code and a polished user interface, regardless of the platform you choose to build on. Specific platform instructions are below.

[hotwire]: http://developer.hotwire.com/docs/Rental_Car_Shopping_API

##### Android

Use Java with standard Android XML layouts. You can use any libraries and tools you like, but please include a README that explains your approach and why specific technologies were used.

Send us the APK file and a link to your code repo.

##### iOS

Use Objective-C, Swift, or a combination of those. You may use additional libraries and tools, but be prepared to explain why. We are looking for a user experience consistent with Apple’s guidelines.  

Send us a link to the repo so we can build and run your code.

##### Web

The project should be a single page app with a single `index.html` that loads any scripts and stylesheets. The choice of technologies (Angular, React, LESS, etc.) are up to you, but please include a README that explains your approach and why specific technologies were used. 

Send us a link to your repository, as well as a hosted (Heroku, Google App Engine, Amazon EC2, etc.) version.


### Acknowledgements

In addition to Thumbtack, we have taken a decent helping of inspiration from [Uber’s coding challenge][uber].

[uber]: https://github.com/uber/coding-challenge-tools
